Questions to Client

Meeting-2
New Questions
1)	Can we use streamlit for dashboard instead of powerbi (yatharth)
Divya: the customer doesn’t have any tool preference
2)	If we are needed to use powerbi, is it required to integrate ml modeling to the dashboard somehow or can we just provide with the script (yatharth)
Divya: Look at the customer’s response to q4
3)	What is the target attribute for the predictive modeling (yatharth) 
Divya: look at his response to q2
4)	Understand “Total Bid Value” in Lost bids - Is this our target variable ? (Sakshi)

Divya: the below are some questions the other team asked the customer and his responses: 

Q1. The new data files provided had some columns like Vendor Cost, Service Type hidden, are we supposed to ignore those fields?
           	TM- This was discussed on our kickoff call, but happy to refresh on this.  We are ONLY focusing on sample line item pricing.  The exercise is to evaluate the CPI of the unit prices related to sample service line.
Q2. What is the attribute which you want to predict? CPI/ Actual Project Revenue or is it the probability of winning a bid
           	TM- CPI is the unit price.  The is the core of the exercise.  We don’t have any field related to probability in here that should play into the exercise. 
Q3. In Country Column (Invoiced deals), do empty values mean it's a global project?
           	TM- Empty means its USA
Q4. What are the most important features using which you want to make the predictions for the target feature?
           	TM- I addressed some of this in the glossary worksheet.  Again, this isn’t a prediction system you are building per se. The 2 data sets you have reflect LOST bids and WON projects.  I want a comparison to identify any meaningful differences in CPI for sample.  Units that influence CPIs are IR, LOI and Sample Size.  You are fine to create ranges that have analytical value so you’re not treating each IR (1-100% range) as a variable.
Q5. If we consider the Service Type column (Invoiced deals), do we have to consider projects with value equal to 'Sample Only'?
           	TM- Ignore Service Type entirely.
Q6. How is Item amount different from Amount in the Lost deals data sheet?
           	TM- I’d need to see what you’re referring to again in order to answer.  Remember, I did not create the dataset, my colleague did.
Q7. How is Amount calculated in the lost dataset?
           	TM- I should have answered this and Q6 in the glossary.
              
Q8. Do we have any dates recorded for lost deals?
TM-    	I believe we have sent dates in there.  But I’d have to double check
